this much the kind of guy it ignores the
rules cuz it makes you feel in control
right you're not wrong you think that's
cute do you think it's cute six feet
apart at all times both know the rules
nothing's gonna save our lives so uh I
refuse to believe that we're gonna do
our treatments together always looking
for ways to spend more time with me
don't tell me the one time you're
interested in some guy he's also got
cioth I like seeing you like this
like what hopeful Oh
why did I pack anything nice so if I
know cuz you always pack for a hot
Hospital romance god you're beautiful
don't brave check it touch you stay away
sixteen at all times
I gotta catch this infection and you can
kiss new lungs goodbye all I want us to
be with you
after all that CF is stolen from me
I don't mind stealing one foot back
five feet apart are you in
[Music]
five feet apart where do pg-13